Who told me?
Master Su, my Qin family is fine now.
Why not anymore?
Don't you know that I have become the largest shareholder of the Qin Shi Group?
I know.
The shares of your company are still sold to you by me.
How can this idiot laugh?
Isn't there really a problem with the mind?
If you understand
He should know or Su Shi now has an absolute controlling stake in your Qin Shi group.
Or a word that could make you and your father disappear.
Yes, you, Su Shi, do control the absolute shares of Qin Thi Group.
But you are not qualified to participate in the work of the Qin Shi Group.
Qin Fengming, you are so stupid.
My husband is the chairman of Su Shi.
Now Su Shi has control of the stakes in your bedroom
Isn't it just one sentence?
Fengming, why are you running such a stupid company?
If it wasn't for Qin Yuming's immortal body,
How could he have the opportunity to inherit the company?
Haha that's right.
But if it wasn't for this idiot of yours in charge of the Qin Thi Group.
We can't easily take over the Qin Shi Group like that.
Right?
Do you understand?
I understand, but what I'm trying to say is...
"You see, the president of the company is exempt."..
What qualifications do you have to participate in the work of our Qin Shi Group?